Hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
só CES was earlier this week I only had
a couple of days that I could go and ohs
my first time going so I had very low
expectations for this whole event
I had like zero plans but it ended up
being like one of the most memorable
experiences I've ever had so I went
there with very little stuff I packed
pretty lights
I brought a point-and-shoot and you
bring my regular camera
I didn't bring a mic or a tripod or any
of that stuff just went pretty simple
now the main CES event is like this show
that happens in a really big convention
center but before the show opens up
there's a couple days of like press
conferences and keynotes from various
companies and if you're fortunate enough
you get to go to the event learn about
the new products and sometimes even get
the device that was launched
this was at the Huawei event I got to
hang out with Danny wing it mark Ohana
dawn is pretty cool there's a lot of
cool stuff that gets shown at CES but if
I had to choose one thing that I thought
was like the coolest thing I saw it's
this this is an ultrabook it's really
thin and it's really light
now the Ultrabook has a couple USB 3.1
ports one cable that leads to the
monitor and then the other cable leads
to an external and GPU the idea is that
you take the Ultrabook bring it to work
we bring it to class and then you come
home plug it up to the monitor and
external graphics unit and you're
playing games now they're not the first
people to do it alien where did it with
their graphics amplifier but that wasn't
hot swappable and the laptop was really
thick like this is a really thin
Ultrabook plugged up to a really
powerful graphics unit so these are the
specs it's a quad core skylake CPU
inside that Ultrabook plugged up to a
980 TI and razer also launched a very
similar product to this seemingly
identical with the same idea in mind so
yeah I'm pretty excited to give this
thing a full review once I get it in it
doesn't have a name yet at least I don't
think it does but it is coming out
pretty soon the same thing goes to that
razor unit the razor's self blade or
razor blade self one of those things I'm
gonna be doing review on that when I can
get it in on the second day I had some
more boring keynotes to go to but then
through like a really fortunate series
of events I ended up with these guys and
I spent the entire day with them it was
crazy cool and they were super
down-to-earth super nice and they're
just like awesome people so I'll let you
guys head on a secret Jack does not
exist and that's basically it I had to
leave a little early but I saw some cool
stuff I saw some cool people and I'm
probably gonna go back next year
actually no I'm definitely gonna go back
next year hope to see some of you guys
there it's a nice see you guys next time